Previously on
The Five-Star Weekend:
Everyone keeps asking
if I'm okay.
I don't know what I am.
You're a really.
really good man.
How are you still
such a great kisser?
I can't do this.
You shrunk me down.
and I'm done.
What if I'm not brave enough
to actually be myself?
You should meet Kevin.
He has a wife and three kids.
Oh. Caroline.
he's just your type.
I'm sorry.
Gigi is not your friend.
She was having an affair
with Matthew.
My Matthew?
-Hi.
-Is it true?
Yes.
You sleepy?
Hard to be so handsome.
Okay. be honest.
Are these boxes too much?
-Am I ridiculous?
-No. They look great.
-Are you leaving already?
-Well. yeah.
Traffic on 90
is gonna be a shit-show.
I don't know why
this conference is now.
It's Christmas time.
It's family time.
Ooh! A cardinal.
-Hm?
-A cardinal.
Ah. that is gorgeous.
Look at that.
-Come see.
-One sec.
You know.
I read somewhere
that cardinals are red because
they eat so many berries.
-Huh.
-Must be why I'm beige.
Do you remember
the nest out front
when I was pregnant
with Caroline?
You were so nervous
-before that first ultrasound.
-Yeah.
That nest felt like
kind of a sign.
Those little eggs
meant everything to me.
Okay. let's see this cardinal.
Oh. it flew away.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
-I was in a zone.
-"Hungry with Hollis" zone.
I could drive you to Logan.
-Are we okay?
-What?
-I know you didn't get the director job.
-We're fine.
And that was hard. and I know
I've been so busy with
the holidays and work.
It is work.
No. I know. I know.
I know it is.
I'm sorry. honey. I can't...
I can't do this right now.
I have to go.
Matthew.
I've always supported you.
-I finally have...
-Honey. I support you.
Do you? I mean. sometimes
it doesn't feel like it.
It feels like I have something
I'm proud of. I'm building.
And you're...
You're making me feel guilty.
Admit it. It bothers you.
Well. we've... We've changed.
I mean. of course we've changed.
We're older.
Caroline's out of the house.
We're supposed to adapt.
We're supposed to try
and navigate this together.
Doesn't it make you sad?
Hm?
That we have to try?
I wanna try.
No. yeah. I know. I... Yeah.
I'm... I'm sorry.
-Are you going to Paris?
-What?
I thought you were
going to Berlin.
I looked up your flight number.
You're going to Paris?
Why are you looking up
my flight number?
I don't know.
Why are you going to Paris?
I'm just changing planes
in Paris.
There are no direct flights
from Boston to Berlin.
Right.
That makes sense.
I'm sorry I brought it up.
Sorry.
No. I'm...
I'm sorry.
Well. travel safely.
You should go. Traffic.
Go. go. go. I'm fine.
Okay.
Oh. I almost forgot.
I made you a sandwich
so you don't have to have
a gross airport salad.
Hang on. Oh. your smoothie.
Oh. thank you.
That's... Wow. Amazing.
Uh... Okay. so I'll be back
on the 23rd.
-Mm-hm.
-And. yeah. we'll just OD
-on family Christmas moments. okay?
-Yeah.
-You all right?
Got my cookies. My happy place.
All right.
Mm.
Okay.
Oh. the downstairs bathroom's
doing the thing again.
-we need to call the plumber!
-Got it. I'll. uh...
I'll call from the car.
It's Gigi. Leave a message.
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
Uh... You're probably
already at the hotel.
Listen.
We need to talk.
She's out cold.
How is she still so gorgeous?
-What is she even doing back here?
-Yeah.
The nerve of this woman.
Slept with Hollis's husband.
slept in her house.
-Ate her galette.
-Made out with Brooke.
No. no. we didn't make out.
-It was just a gentle. exploratory kiss.
-Mm-hm.
We should call the cops.
Let them deal with her.
Tell them what?
Hollis invited her here.
And then we ate and drank
and danced with her all weekend.
-That she lied.
-Lying is immoral. sweetie. not illegal.
-It should be both.
-Let's just see how Hollis wants to handle this.
and we'll support
whatever she decides.
I'm done overstepping
for one weekend.
You know what we should do?
We should dip her hand
into a bowl of warm water
and she will pee her pants.
What? It happened to me
at multiple sleepovers.
And that's it?
The only punishment she gets
for doing this to Hollis
is peeing herself?
-That's not enough.
-Yeah. yeah.
Let's draw a dick on her face.
-Yes. Yes. I want that.
-Tatum. no.
Because we're not
allowed to kill her.
What are you doing?
I am looking for a bowl that
I don't mind Gigi puking in.
Is that Dad's protein powder?
Yep.
He left us two years' worth.
So lucky us.
I gotta cancel
that subscription.
-Um... Mom.
-Yeah?
So I guess Dad knew Gigi.
She just told me.
-What'd she say to you?
-That he was her mom's doctor.
Yeah.
Yeah. Crazy. right?
He was. Something I wish
he had told me earlier.
but. you know...
Are you okay?
Yeah. goose. I'm fine.
-Is there something you're not telling me?
-No.
Why can't you just talk to me?
I'm talking to you.
I hate this stupid bowl.
Perfect.
Just give me a marker.
Holly. do you have a Sharpie?
-You're not gonna draw a dick on her face.
-She deserves it.
-Does Caroline know?
-No. I'm officially never telling her.
I just cannot do it.
It might make me a bad mom.
-No. no.
-You would probably do it. I can't.
Puke in here.
-Guys. it's late.
-Yeah.
It's been such a day.
Let's just go to bed.
-I'll deal with her in the morning.
-Whatever you want.
-Night.
-Good night.
Henry. what?
What? What?
Jack? Wha...?
-What are you doing?
-I'm cleaning your gutters.
Why? Are you some kind
of gutter elf?
I saw when I was here earlier
that they were clogged.
And if they flood.
you just get a rat party.
-Rat party?
-They love standing water.
-I-I can clean my own gutters.
-Can you?
'Cause you didn't know
where your breaker box was.
I would have found it
eventually.
Look. I have had the day from
hell. I am truly at capacity.
So thank you so much.
But can you please leave?
I found the message you sent me.
Really should make those
things easier to find.
There's a mailbox icon.
but. okay.
I was just worried
this was like a rebound thing.
-Rebound?
-That's not the right word for it.
But you were thinking about me.
I mean. before Matthew.
I would have dreams about you.
They were very real.
I'd wake up all sweaty
with Matthew right next to me.
I felt so guilty.
But he was sleeping
with someone the whole time.
-Wait. what?
-With Gigi.
-You invited her to your weekend?
-Before I knew it.
And now she is drunk.
passed out in my house.
I should feel vindicated.
but instead.
I actually feel worse.
-Which I didn't think was possible.
-Let's sit down for a minute.
Talk about a party of rats.
Stop.
You don't owe me anything.
You know that. right?
I'm the one that ended things.
I'm the one that left.
-I wasn't good enough for you.
-That's not true.
I was a kid. I was stuck.
I was afraid.
But I'm good enough now.
Maybe even
a little too good for you.
if I'm being totally honest.
What do you want. Jack?
Same thing I've always wanted.
A whole pan of box mix
brownies all to yourself?
-Obviously.
♪ Looking from a window above ♪
♪ It's like a story of love
Can you hear me? ♪
♪ Came back only yesterday
I'm moving farther away ♪
It's been. what?
30 years since we've done this?
-Yeah.
-Everything should be the same.
Yeah. more or less. God!
♪ All I needed
Was the love you gave ♪
-Damn!
-How are you so bad with buttons?
It's my dainty
cookie-decorating fingers.
Gotcha.
♪ Only you ♪
You are the same.
-I am?
-Yeah.
Well. that's nice to hear.
That you recognize me.
Of course I do.
Gigi.
Oh. of course. She's gone too.
Ooh.
You're cooking for me?
-Morning.
-Here I thought you'd smashed and dashed me.
I would never
smash and dash you. Holly.
I don't even know what that is.
Extra runny.
Just how you like it. you freak.
Thank you. Oh. look at that.
That's very good.
Gigi's gone.
-Really? She just left?
-Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
I mean. it's probably
for the best.
I didn't wanna have to murder
on an empty stomach.
Ooh. So murder was gonna go down
in here this morning?
Yeah. Just some light murder.
Mm-hm.
Oh.
-So last night was...
-Five stars?
You can leave.
-It was great.
Okay. I've gotten really good
at avoiding difficult things.
so I'm gonna say
some feelings out loud.
-Okay.
-For you.
Mm-hm.
In no particular order.
Last night...
we've established.
Um... But now I'm scared of this
because I-I am not ready.
My business is falling apart
because I'm scared of it too.
And Caroline and I. we are...
I don't know.
And I want to see what this is.
But I'm also
really tired and sad.
And there is a part of me
that doesn't want to be naked
in front of anyone ever again.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Yeah. we can
keep our clothes on.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Let it be a thing that happened
and not overthink it.
Okay.
Oh. shit.
-Sorry to interrupt.
-What are you doing here?
-I thought you'd left.
-I have a cab waiting.
I brought you some morning buns
from Wicked Island Bakery.
I know you wanted us to have
them yesterday. and. um...
Well. I fought someone
to get them.
I'll just...
-I know they don't fix anything.
-No. they don't.
Can we talk?
There's something
you should know.
-Do you want me to stay?
-No. I should do this.
You got this.
Caroline can't hear this.
Laundry room. now.
What else do you have
to tell me? I know everything.
-Actually. you don't. I...
-You slept with my husband.
You came to my house.
You ate my food.
I made you a playlist
with Doechii.
-I wanted you to like me.
-I know.
-And I'm so sorry.
-You're sorry?
You're sorry?
That's the lamest thing
I've ever heard. you psycho.
-Hey. Good morning.
-Shh!
Holly and Gigi. They're going at
it in the laundry room.
Right now? Wait. wait.
-Why did you pretend to be my friend?
-I wasn't pretending.
You broke up my marriage.
-Hollis. can I please just...
-Fuck you.
-You guys.
-Go back. Go back.
-What's going on?
-Go. go. go. Shh! Be quiet.
I came here
for all the wrong reasons.
Trying to find closure
for myself when
I realized that I'm actually
here to tell you this.
He was going to choose you.
What?
He called me from the car
when he was on his way
to the airport.
He was coming home to you.
I swear.
You just have to know that.
Stay here.
-Holly went into Matthew's office.
-But why?
-Should we go in there?
-Yeah. No. Should we?
I'm going.
No. no. no. Wait. no.
I just checked
the accident reports. and. um...
Matthew was driving west.
Back to me.
-Doesn't change anything.
-No. it doesn't.
But at least it's the truth.
I am gonna forgive you. Gigi.
I don't want this anger
in my life.
I don't want to set
this example for my daughter.
I made farewell toffee
for everyone.
It has cardamom in it.
Oh.
Thanks.
I think you should leave now.
Thank you.
One more thing.
Don't ever contact me again.
-Is that Gigi? Is that Gigi?
-It's Gigi.
Okay. Just be natural. okay?
It was lovely to meet you all.
It was lovely to meet you too.
I should make pancakes.
-Wait. Holly. are you sure?
-It's on the itinerary.
I mean. what else
would we do right now?
Right. right. right. Okay.
A sad face pancake.
Because it's our last day.
and my marriage was a lie.
You are unhinged.
I know. I am.
I should be studied.
So I thought this morning
we would clean up.
-Pack up a little bit...
-Nope. No way. We are not leaving.
Not until you process this.
Oh. no. I've processed. I mean.
what else is there to say?
He was coming back to me.
This should give me some peace.
but he... He's still gone.
It doesn't change that.
So...
I'll never know
if we could have fixed it.
At least you're being honest
with yourself.
Yeah.
Why didn't you tell me? Syrup.
You guys wanna do something
with me?
Go. Go. ghost.
Ghost of Matthew. Go!
Hey. Stop.
Are those human remains?
You cannot dump human remains
in the ocean without a permit.
It's protein powder.
-We're having a catharsis.
-Yeah.
That's a really good brand.
It's really subtle.
Blends with everything.
Don't waste it on the fish.
I've got. like. three boxes back
at the house. Do you want them?
-I can't accept bribes. ma'am.
-Okay.
Drop it behind the station
any time after 8 p.m.
-Enjoy your day.
-Thank you. Teddy Bear.
Sorry. Thank you. Teddy.
-That's Officer Teddy Bear to you.
-What?
Oh. my gosh. He winked at you.
Wait. Do you know him?
We used to babysit him.
Wait. That man used to be small?
-I tell no lies.
-What?
Jeez.
Goodbye. Teddy Bear.
Hey. I'm glad you called.
-Meet me at the side of the house.
-I brought buns.
-Wicked Island?
-Yeah.
Don't want to know
what you did to get those.
Give me one sec.
I'll be right there.
Um...
I'm sorry
for what I said last night.
That was harsh.
No. I deserved it.
I can't be with him
just for Otis.
I've known that for a while now.
I've just been scared
of hurting him.
Or scared
of what my mom would think.
Just scared.
So thank you. kind of.
That feels weird. but I...
Your fuckery
has clarified things for me.
Dylan and I are done
so you can have him.
I don't want him.
I think I exorcised
whatever demon that was. so...
Are you okay?
My dad was having an affair.
What?
Yeah. I kind of
just figured it out.
It's a lot.
I just...
It feels like I'm losing him.
Um...
All over again. Or. or...
The thought of him. you know.
Not that I have any right
to judge him.
obviously.
after what I've done. but. uh...
I-I'm sorry.
You're the last person
that I should be
talking to about this.
No. no. It's okay.
There's no such thing
as bad people.
That's what I like to think.
at least.
-Just bad dubstep.
-Oh. my God. No.
He showed you his dubstep?
It's so bad. But he's so sweet.
He's very sweet.
-You mean hot?
-Very hot.
But. you know...
I mean. he's a little bit...
-Dumb?
-Yeah.
It's bad. Really. really bad.
So gorgeous.
I cannot believe
you guys grew up here.
-Yeah. we were lucky.
-Yeah.
-We are.
-Oh?
Okay. it's official.
Sunny's ghosting me.
I think I scared her off.
No. you don't know that.
Maybe she lost her phone.
-That is not a real thing.
-Yes. it is.
Some people don't have phones
with them all of the time.
Forget Sunny. This is about you.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
You seem better.
I'm not.
But I am feeling better
about not being better.
I thought I needed
to do this weekend
to distract myself.
but really. I...
I just needed you guys.
Oh.
Oh. it's Kyle.
-Hi. Kyle.
Hello.
Hey. it's Dr. Ramiro.
Is now a good time?
-Uh. it depends. What you got?
-Sorry we missed you on Friday.
I do have the results
of your biopsy.
Unfortunately. it's not exactly
the news we were hoping for.
Oh. okay.
I'd like you to come in
this week. so we can...
Hi.
Why don't you stay
a few more days. goose?
-I gotta get back.
-Back for what?
Well. um. my lease
is good for a year.
so I'm just gonna get a job
until I figure out what to do.
That's very grown of you.
-Can I take you to the airport?
-No. Mom. It's fine.
I can just call a cab.
Stay with your friends.
Can I take this?
Of course.
Thanks.
You'll call
if you need anything.
I will.
Hi. Oh. it's both of you.
Hi. guys.
I'm just about to head home.
Are you guys okay?
Dad said you were
destroying the family.
What? No. Okay. Um...
Can I talk to you guys
for a second?
-Are you dying?
-No. no.
Do you guys remember
when you first
went to sleepaway camp?
-Yeah.
-When you came home.
you were so much more yourselves
and you were so independent.
Right?
Which is a really good thing.
Okay...
This weekend has
sort of been like
grown-up sleepaway camp for me.
Okay. But. Mom. can you
tell us what's going on?
We'll talk more when I get home.
I want you both to know
I love you so much.
And I would never do anything
that would ever hurt you.
We know that. Mom.
How are you guys both so good?
How?
Because we have you. duh.
That's really sweet.
And which one are you again?
Okay.
I'm kidding. I know.
I love you guys.
-Love you. Mom.
-Love you. Bye.
♪ Sweet ♪
♪ Disposition ♪
♪ Oh. reckless ♪
♪ Abandon ♪
-Shotgun.
-Damn it.
Do you guys have everything
you wanted out of your baskets?
-Don't smush your hat.
-Oh. I would never.
Are you really gonna wear
that hat anymore. Brooke?
I don't know. I don't see it.
Everybody in?
-Busy. I'm busy.
-Sure.
Okay. I've been saving
the best for last.
-Farewell toffee.
-I don't want to leave.
-Thank you. baby.
-I know.
But we cannot get sad.
That would defeat the purpose
of the whole weekend.
This weekend was incredible.
And I so needed it.
-I did too.
-I miss you guys already.
-Me too.
-Sorry.
I didn't get
much sleep last night.
I don't know if I told you guys.
but Jack and I. you know...
-What? What?
-I knew it.
-While we were sleeping?
Wait. are you guys
like dating now?
I don't know. I don't think so.
No. no. no. I mean...
-You gonna do it again?
-Did you like...?
Yes.
The ferry's docking.
-Love you.
-Bye.
Wait. wait. I have an idea.
Same time next year?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Yes. it works for me. Come here.
I'm putting it in my calendar
right now. Mm.
-Tatum.
-I'll move some things around.
-Wait. Where should we go?
-Ooh. someplace warm.
-Greece? Should we...?
-Screw it. I'll go to Greece.
I'll start working
on the itinerary.
I like it. I like it.
We have to figure out
what our group chat is gonna be.
Uh... Unsubscribe.
No. you're in. whether
you like it or not! Sorry.
-That's... Good luck.
-You're in.
-All right. bye guys.
-Bye.
-Love you guys.
-Mwah! Love you.
I swear. Come on.
-Excuse us.
-Coming through.
Mm-hm.
-It's good. right?
-It's a portal.
Straight back
to the picnic tables
outside the drama building.
-You okay?
-I'd be better
if I knew how it was with Jack.
-How many times?
-Oh. my gosh. Tatum.
Was he as gentle
as the first time?
Oh. my God.
We're different.
It was great.
Really?
That's all I'm gonna get.
I should go make sure
my grand kid's still alive.
Hey. sis.
I'm not gonna let us
drift apart this time.
-I'm gonna call you tomorrow.
-Okay. Sure.
No. I mean it. I'm here.
I know you are. sis.
-I'll catch you later.
-Okay.
♪ When we were younger
We thought ♪
♪ Everyone was on our side ♪
♪ Then we grew a little
And romanticized ♪
♪ The time I saw
Flowers in your hair ♪
♪ See. it takes a boy to live ♪
♪ It takes a man
To pretend he was there ♪
♪ So then we grew a little
And knew a lot ♪
♪ And now we demonstrated
It to the cops ♪
♪ And all the things we said
We were self-assured ♪
♪ 'Cause it's a long road
To wisdom ♪
♪ But it's a short one
To bein' ignored ♪
♪ Be in my eyes ♪
♪ And be in my heart ♪
♪ Be in my eyes Aye. aye. aye ♪
♪ So be in my eyes ♪
♪ Be in my heart ♪
♪ Be in my eyes Aye. aye. aye ♪
♪ And be in my heart ♪
Hey. goose. You okay?
I think I just...
I think I just need my mom.
Whoa!
-Wha... Should I go get that?
-It's you.
It's you.
No. um. I just...
I didn't need it anymore.
What ar...
What are you doing here?
I have a seminar in Boston.
-And I can't swim. so taking the ferry.
-Oh. my God.
-Sorry if I freaked you out.
-No. Did you? What do you mean?
I. um... I texted you
to hang out. like. a lot.
Like a lot. a lot. Too much.
-Brooke. I lost my phone.
-You did lose your phone.
Yeah. There's no Apple store
on the island.
-You lost your phone? Okay.
-It's gone.
Sorry. I meant to text you.
but I didn't have a phone.
-Because you lost your phone. Wow.
-Yeah.
Hey. great. I really
thought I scared you off.
-No. but I am scared of you.
-Me too.
Good to see you again.
-Okay. I'm gonna kiss you.
-Yeah.
Yes. mama. I knew it.
This makes so much sense.
Now I understand
why you were so devastated
after the rock and roll
football nonsense.
This whole time
you must have had feelings
for me.
Oh. mama. You're not my type.
-Have a good day.
-Bye.
I think I have a girlfriend.
-Wait. What?
-Uh-huh. Look!
Hi! She's getting us some M&M's.
I need to slow down.
No. You know what?
Never slow down.
-You are an inspiration. Brooke.
-I am?
Yes. you are. You really are.
I think I'm gonna quit my job.
What?
Yeah.
I think I'm gonna start
my own agency.
And I'm going to really need
the support of my friends.
Wait. Are you kind of
saying that we're friends?
-Well. yeah.
-You did?
After what we survived
this weekend?
Can I get your number now?
-All right. just slow down.
-That's too fast.
-Okay. So there's a line. I see. Okay.
-Yeah.
Caw-caw.
Okay. Your papa coming?
Hi. How goes it?
Can you. uh. sit down with me
for a minute?
-Why?
-Just for a minute.
Oh. you love your swing.
don't you? There you go.
About. um. my biopsy.
The lump was benign.
But they found...
some suspicious cells
forming behind it.
They caught it early.
so that's good.
I wanted to tell you in person
so you wouldn't have to
make that face alone.
Come here. Come here.
I think I'm gonna be okay.
Of course you are.
We're gonna be fine.
-Oh. I love this.
-Me too.
I hate to say this
because you're gonna quit
as soon as I compliment you.
but these are fantastic.
Maybe I should become
a photographer.
Seems like a step up
from college dropout.
No honey. it's okay
to not have a plan.
Are you having a stroke?
I hope not.
You know. when you were little.
you used to hold my hand.
Anytime we went anywhere.
you had to hold my hand.
And then one day.
you just didn't.
You got big.
You walked a few steps
in front of me instead.
This is really nice.
Actually talking.
There's something I need
to tell you about your dad.
I already know.
You do? How?
I'm an adult person in the world
with eyes and ears.
-I've been so worried about telling you.
-I know.
But when you keep stuff from me.
it makes it really hard
to be close to you.
And you're all I have. You know?
I do.
Mm!
Oh!
No. Go away.
-I'll call her later.
-It's fine.
Okay.
-Hey. Chels.
-Hi. It's me.
I'm just checking in on you.
Are you still alive?
And can you mail me leftovers?
Salmon doesn't mail very well.
I don't think.
Oh. okay.
but I swear Flat Stanley
mailed himself
in a sandwich once.
and it turned out really well.
Um. listen. I just heard
about an open spot
on Good Morning Boston.
It's next week.
What do you think?
Should we book it?
Actually. I think I'm gonna stay
on Nantucket.
Oh. Yeah.
-Uh... For how long?
-I don't know. and that's okay.
I gotta go. I'm with Caroline.
Yeah. No. Absolutely go.
I'm proud of you.
Hi. It's me again.
Sorry.
I know it's been a minute.
I had some friends over
for the weekend.
We danced. we ate. I cried.
It wasn't perfect.
I burnt the tart. We overslept.
But it was exactly
what I needed.
I thought I'd lost myself.
but my friends helped me
find my way back.
Okay. more soon.
Recipes to follow. Love. Hollis.
♪ You're not alone ♪
Holly?
-What are you doing here?
-I just stopped by the house.
I figured you were down here.
Magic hour.
I'll see you back at home.
"Eruption." How about that?
Yes.
I think that is one.
-Um...
-Hey.
I. uh...
I-I realized we didn't
have each other's numbers.
-Oh. Uh-huh.
-I figured we should.
just in case either of us
felt like overthinking things.
even though we said we wouldn't.
-And I'm definitely not.
-No. neither am I.
How about we start with dinner?
-Depends. What are you making?
-I have a lot of leftovers.
Maybe we get Stubby's.
What are the leftovers?
Well. I mean. there's poached
salmon. delicious pizza.
-I have so much cheese.
-Promising.
Truly. any kind of cheese.
♪ Wish that I could
Keep you from ♪
♪ Sorrow and harm ♪
♪ None of us is here for long ♪
♪ But you're not alone ♪
♪ In the cradle of the circle ♪
♪ Oh. in the cradle
Of the circle ♪
♪ All the ones
Who came before you ♪
♪ Their strength Is yours now
♪ -♪ Their strength is yours ♪
♪ You're not alone ♪
-♪ Sparrows in the mornin' ♪
-♪ Crows at dusk ♪
-♪ Singin' with your mam ♪
-♪ Singin' with your mammy ♪
♪ We have love ♪
-♪ We have love ♪
♪ You're not alone ♪